i suppose so, its just an interesting concept, competing at reading a couple thousand year old book.
shit i am  a nigga need at least 5 hrs a night
who said that? crying and complaining make everything better because sometimes you've just got to get it out or you'll be bitter
i didn't think anyone understood my struggle...
time to watch #scream season 2
already got my nap scheduled out
kml only because ion like people staring at me  but you could've came up to me . i'm nice
one step at a time :3 that's all ya gotta take. it's gonna be worth it.
go cards it is
girl that's what i be thinking lol.
yes nigga and so should you
candid
lol can my call come plz
idgi
and is .. cause i can picture your face if you woke up to it
i stick with the blue....
thanks! almost done. lol
nice, was it one of the random popups in the app to get to it?
#notimelikethepresent
gettin' old!   what, it's a hobby.
yes he managed to blow the marble out of his nose. seriously almost shit my pants.
ur hot
mom is making steaks and hash brown casserole tonight.. i picked a good day to visit
all the tv shows are on an hour early in arizona. it's so confusing!
one day i will want to meet you because you are a person who adds to a person's experience - i look forward to that time
that's math
shii my bad lol you right bro! definitely those 3 but i don't think they'll win enough for him to win it ya know?
work in the nightlife, there's no restrictions lol
watchin this shit is exciting lol
#deal. thanks
xb1
you shoulddddd, hotels cheap rn too
i'm sayinggg  but that check is crazy too i'm here doing a pro &amp; cons list about it
'her real last names bettencourt so shes not afrolatina'. do u ignit assholes know how many bettencourts there are in latinamerica?
do you run a fruit &amp; vegetable stand in paris?
fake, phony, vindictive, manipulative, etc. i can go on forever.
pharma needs therapy, for sure. i envision pharma as mr. cleaver. you know he loves you, but he's too distant to tell you.
md fagget
get you a chubby girl to lay up with
take it or leave it kianna lawd
lol.worse than a nyc cabbie? i know it is the same side of the road as the uk but driving in the caribbean is a suicide mission
best shit when they rap over their own words being played back
tl;dr version: six flags growth is slowing/mb dunzo and may miss their projections but execs paid themselves like they would hit it anyways
this has been one of the most annoyingly frustrating things to watch the past few weeks.
working:/
it's so funny how people that live in denton think that the asheboro mall is fancy
i do i do! specially for us actors (:
emergency contact?
lost money, pride, dignity, and drive to turn on my ps4
u murdered someone with pasta. i'm calling the authorities.
you too
lol guys i just did a race in olympus where the first olympic games were wbu?
oh ok you taking it now or afternoon?
do you want some advices from me?
she has a fatty
my birthdays on a tuesday:(
something close to it for sure! i aint know you was that fine. i thought it was just a pretty face.
should i go see chance the rapper or kanye
sounds like we need a venting session well lindsey! fuck who ever has you feeling some type of way! you still have beautiful
i don't think the headphone jack thing is going away. it's completely changed my future phone choice.
hey dork did you read your fing text messages yet?
explains why i'm always there
will do bruh
...yellow deli trip i'm guessing?
and the whole no street lights thing in some areas. naaaaah thanks
exactly and we all know how whiteside's emotions can get the better of him oh man &amp; also i'm very hopefully of richardson
and i've heard that him setting his "bow" in the clouds is like a warrior putting down a weapon.
awh buddy. this just made me sad. go get you some zebra cakes.
better than your girlfriend westbrook
i feel as though starburst via sheer size advantage are the more immersive fruit experience
the exact opposite is happening. all your frameworks are abject disasters. your cute names for permutations of shims or whatever are insane
noooooo i can't....  i always pray i have like five tables to serve when he's here so i don't have to talk to him.
maybe your right i should give it a few more episodes it felt too clich
still waiting for 1 person - just 1! - to present an alternative policy on #syria to status quo, which clearly isn't working.i'm waiting.
omg fr?? damnnn lol
sooo we getting that business proposal together?
im just gonna starve until morning
okay, sounds good
doesn't sound fun
if i ever finessed you and you never did shit about it then you a complete bitch i promise you
i hope rei daki wont be real
damn but i'm not even gonna lie that used to be me with frozen
y'all, momo is the reason that i'm a hurt hoe
i wanna get married at a vineyard.. did i say at? i meant to.... because ya know.. wine.
thanks hon. i mean it.  many hugs back!
#stillrecsquad
me too!
i'm great, do you still play ttr? i used play it but i got bored, maybe i'll play it again one day when i get nostalgic enough.
i start my day with prayer and a walk. #selfcare #wellbeing #natural #holistic
sleep in? my girl gone think i'm dead cuz i'm not waking up at all
yes!!! but i'm not the only one.. a few of my other friends from cal poly said they updated a week ago and its still there
it definitely did, like 12 times
will do.
u wouldnt be able to walk. u would be screaming. you do know that, right? i just need you to understand that ur back isn't actually broken."
november 28th - december 1st
ahhhh i'll think about it
always eat then sleep
thank you bb lmao that pic
good luck to all our basketball coaches and players this season, 1st day of our season begins today
cleveland was 11-8 vs the sox. 2012 tigers were 12-6. looks bad to be rooting for the teams that run you over consistently
yeah this spurs team continued from where they started last season while gsw started from scratch.
well i would say skittles but also starburst are up there
ps why where creamer and fogel fired if the videos where edited?
2l of heem, 1l of jger, might grab big boi grey goose too...that should be good right?
no one asked for your opinion
i'm taking you to friday's half price apps...
somebody really slashed my tires yesterday lol
lol still sounds scary
same. and when my staff leaves me hanging and don't show up for their shifts  i miss you! i wish we could've talked longer!
why is there no dragon ball z the musical?
ain't have time doe. i was already running late. i was pissed
i sorta feel like i've made a huge mistake
that's good . good trying to get myself situated so i can try to watch scary movies with hunter lol
lil peep
. btw u do a great job on the thompson &amp; trudell show.
but what days
now this is what tinder should really b used for
i'm writing a book
hella milking haha i wonder if ppl are actually buying bc seeing ppl willing to buy 200$ lol
pray for me...i have hell in me and i am fighting it with a vengeance.  i am trying to take the high road but...
you're profile pic...you so gorgeous!
... don't get mugged
any body know a demetrius ray allen? i have his school backpack that contained his shoes.
yes
i know but once when all the holidays are over. it will come by faster
think ima pick up that 7 plus this weekend
like a ubake? in a freezer thingy??
haha mmm, sounds tasty, makes me want to eat "keto" as well &lt;
#gh jane elliot looking flawless as ever!!!!!
81-1 then we will take it my boy just want a ring..
back on the music grind. let's get it
no it isn't but they have proven hillary is a two faced person.
such a sad day
funny. it makes guys 75% hotter.
well i have an oily t zone and then patches of dry skin on like my cheek in the winter
come after the hs games.
my friend
i just can't stomach them, i literally gag at the smell.
she's in her own bubble. calling someone a sexual predator as if it was solid fact is not an opinion. trash trump, rightly
by the way. do you remember girl scouts?!
yeaa sure, i dont mind, is it anything important?
yes, you two will have much to discuss... when things normalize a bit, maybe we could schedule a short call!
fucking lucky ass
you gon be boo'd up
have i made you watch nathan barley? it's required brutal comedy viewing.
i'm jealous
if you've never taken a plan b yo pussy trash
jump out the door. tuck and roll. don't die
so much disrespect to my mans damn i miss him
jordan's fucking retarded
laynes don't got coleslaw u sloppy ass boy
i just want to bro
good man.
my mom really made up some bullshit as to why i wasn't going to glamis. that shit just pissed me off so much holy fuck.
lmao you need to finish x...you not coming off the heels of modern square so idk where the worry comes from
the automatic for the people album is my absolute favorite. the whole thing. i had the tape &amp; it was yellow.
no seriously
and it's sad they telling me what i should lmao you should have just got in the back
singles is actually the best on gow4, reminds me so much of gow2. couple of wack maps for it but overall &gt;
haha oh damn that sucks , should have rode with us lol
i need to smoke, this cold turkey  not going
i'm up at 3am practicing my costume makeup.  wide awake and shit
eatt
hey my homeboy round you still ?
yeah hes pretty darn good. i told a cubs fan last night that he scared me more at the plate than baez
nah all love your way boo.
damn ...
yes i have
is nintendo cool enough to make a superbowl ad?
yeahhh, you like em?
lol omg. i love concerts, everything abt them. kanye concerts are great tho, so visual w ittt
like really, i'll take a nap or something but today i'm just up like its normal.
i've been all right. (can complain, do complain, shouldn't complain, you know.) have you had fun times on your bday?
buck lost me when he called that packers vikings game where randy moss fake mooned gb and he acted like moss killed someone
i'd be down how much are tix
can we use it? it looks super useful.
rich bring me a davys juicy "burger"
my fav time to call the ppl
they have some good flavors, i usually just roll swishers all day tho
amen
does anyone else need the word "hug" typed in between a pair of asterisks? apparently i am giving those out this morning. just let me know.
it's relevant but it's just "duh?"
maybe cuz he sucks and they didn't need him for game 1
at least he plays w you! anthony wouldn't play me in pool
emily takes a dose of dayquil the way i assume someone does a shot of the most despicable rum ever concocted.
maybe i just feel hella tall cuz everybody in the bay are midgets
when i go clothes shopping for work.
seeing your mom cry motivates you like no other
oh, you listen to breakfast with a bovine too??
what are you babbling about? nothing comparable.
what if it's about me? ayz jk! hope the l is treating you well.  miss my apache!
my dad thinks i'm ganna sell him my car for 1,000$ hahahahahah wtf this ain't no honda 1996 hahaha
pavy got a hit with until the morning. shit knocks like a mf
holyshiiiiii yooo
im going to guess this is your 1st cruise .... its going to be rough lol
$18
studying for chem gmfu
i luh you. i need you
's company did sessions on diversity issues, as has vox! agreed, super worthwhile.
abd that's all day
ill roll you around work "lets go olivia, time to get back"
, i gotta make a 30 min break stretch
but i'm broke
man
lol true. you getting it for xb1, or ps4?
dude same between work and school full time i don't even have time to breathe.
buster.
i tried that couldn't apply
hater
what're you gonna be??!
fuck that sounds flame af
i'm only here for part of this morning, say hello
everyday i'm getting more and more sick of #facebook, considering how prolific it is, is it possible to truly disengage from that site?
i think wearing a winter jacket to bmo today is gonna be a football first for me
your not going???
i like algebra.. complications ..im good at that
biggest pet peeve is when i tell a customer "have a good day" and then they don't say anything back
do u know the price of my team?
i'm bored at work
thats an idea! i think i need to update my examples too
both are already spoken for, but i appreciate the effort haha
same omg that just gave me christmas ideas lol
got cronic 2001 as valentines gift from my gf in 7th grade, and my mom found it broke it into pieces
i think it's a human thing
it's always something
getting long i bit them and it's so nasty but i can't stop
can i come as myself?
soooo lssu has a former major junior player on their team that's leading their team in scoring... thats not legal#thingsthatmakeyouwonder
easy mike don't get ahead of yourself
you're supposed to visit me here in texas, but wya
me? live a day in the life of sara weaver i'll loan you my northface uggs and daddy's starbucks card
other homie and was like "dude i have no idea who tf that was" hahahahah
y'all got some black n white air force ones with the tan bottoms mid top
sry i am only accepting burritos w extra guac or fried rice at this time
you have to give it a couple episodes it'll grab your heart strings
forreal.
no because we was there so we thought i'd be fine but fuck we will lock it all the time now.... it's scary indeed o.o
girl what atlanta nigga done taught u the word "bih" unfinished ass word
oh lmao i was about to say
but just plain dinner is lame.. i like to have something sweet sometimes to. they get to eat what they want, why i can't?
what part
... i just don't want to appear as if i'm here for my own aggrandizement either. and i do like people on here.
easy work.
all the time...
we finna get us some gfs bruh
you never agreed to take me
lsu in the avi
today is the day i get to open the new bag of coffee beans and i am very excited.
part that was horrific was panning the faces &amp; the fear that showed &amp; 15 or so minutes b4 knew-so intense
do ya dance for the hood doeeeee
i had one meet up on my birthday...and there were at least 30 ppl laughs.....
not to be broadcasted to a bunch of bubblefucks with no lives on a reality show
are you going on a mission?!?
sorry man. that sucks.
yes, no need. already nuts.
you have to someday
text me 7705499955
well he was treating it like dark souls tho. running passed mobs to go to the boss. so yeah he was bound to run out.
i actually punched a guy when the buckeyes lost on saturday so it was nice to see the indians win last night.
you could be necking vodka for all i care, and i would still buy the damn thing on day one
exactly. i love seeing people happy and in love. i have no clue why anyone would be against that.
give my film study a peak when it comes out this morning, you'll see what i'm talking about.
re: that trump cocktail menu... the trumps (&amp; those that aspire to be) seem to do a lot of "trying to act like they think rich people would"
insurance increased yearly prior 2 #obamacare existing. quit lying2voters
ugh i'm going to miss this show
answer me this fellow apple peoples: how many times in the past year have you used the escape key?
if i were to try swimming it, it may take me longer than that
lmaoooo!!!! gots to get ya rest so you can make them good grades!
i really don't think they know. honestly. i don't think they know.
so twitter wouldn't let me retweet something important so i liked it and it just disappeared from my likes wtf
damn too bad i can't use baby ziggy lol he's too big  #lookwhostalking
that sounds lovely! fresh air and fresh thoughts to start the day :)
adding it to my watchlist. i'm sure i watched it as a tot but i don't remember.
girl..past your bedtime what doin?
"redesigning the program" shouldn't affect the people already in the program this drastically. it's sad and upsetting.
#phantomtweet
0-1 and lost by 29....oh ard
2000 on gave us ye, gambino, eminem (not a big fan but i respect the wordplay and flow) some outlast, the clipse
the fact i gotta work in the am
word?? mbn bro
no one can tell a story in a song as well as eminem, don't @ me
wake up seeing all these hot takes on the warriors..yea it's one game
. awwee shit lol i thought you had someone
i didn't see this my bad bro but, yes i told you that you would dig the show dawg..
got the badge and now my laptop fan can fucking chill out
some girls should not wear crop tops
i know that hurt !!!!!omg!!!
too long lol
then why no category 3 hurricanes hitting land since 2005? not so simple.
interesting. catching up on internal sops in the office this morning.  we've a new health and safety policy for working alone in the field.
my mama told don't let nobody hit your sisters,brothers , cousins allat so
wait no, in my 50s that's when you can start being really gross and you can just blame it on being old. i like that.
fun w/numbers on six flags q3 press release: a tweetstorm
hmm i meant more if someone from 3rd world who can afford to get a mac and tries to use it with other people...
doors at 9 pm i believe.
just too many people too much going on. i only would/have gone thru that for someone i absolutely love.... aka rihanna
i've been having some mental health issues since nola was born and you could say i'm not living my best life.
whyyyy
we will order you a pie pizza...
shut up
i would kill for some orange chicken rn
need some company ?
80% of ppl i've played with vanished. some reason finding ppl to play with is harder then i thought.i underestimated the quest
cause they a son together. but everytime her and russell do something they gotta bring his name up
i've had four bowls of cheerios this morning ama
feels good 2 be back &amp; not sitting on my ass at home. now i'm sitting on my ass &amp; getting paid for it, lol thanks deb, how r u?
the few who've come into my mentions saying random, ignorant shit have been trump supporters lmao
im not feeling well
we need to road trip to ironstone vineyards soon, flipping beautiful dude and it's only like an hour away
you're simply adorable
well i'm a pure fan plus he's a genius
uneed to be white girl studying bye
running on 2 hours
would rather be eating coconut shrimp
makes the sox fans look like fools alway rooting for their dvsn winnr. every dvsn winner since '10 has used the sox as a doormat
surprised they cat didn't beat up the dog.
@ d has rabies
i'm retired now.
what did these niggas say
yup.. only on they shit sadly
i forgot where i was heading w this bc i got distracted but i know clothes particularly are a battle w kids sometimes
i'm not , i won't allow it . whelp, there isn't much to do at this time of the night.
what happened to the one you almost killed cause she couldn't breathe ?
i just started watching shameless and omg
been seeing that on footage that's out there. i have a feeling lines were recorded when the game was still being developed,
why are you still up. get sleep. dam
aww man that stinks they're literally the best i can read them all day everyday
same price as a pair of yeezy?
okay, youve got me there.  i wonder if his # is still the same.
yoouur tearing me apaaaaat lisa
haha you say that now, but wait till your begging for mercy lol
definitely the bean-smell. i myself am a clandestine bean-sniffer.
geez.. why are you so right ??
i have no idea. it's water and electricity, i assume. just be safe.
i agree to a certain extent. they should have a channel dedicated to adult themed cartoons. like adultswim but its own channel
lol i just got to play video games see some of the homies shows work on a lot of tunes and eat good with my family
joey bada$$ - devastated just heard it. new favorite song.
you gonna let me make you an honest hushard?
it's just a quick pinch ! i've had mine done 6 times lmao
hopefully youre up on that waiver wire haha
why not.!?
i miss you too  i hope browns everything you hoped for and more
dude that shit is wild
yes she's a great cook thanks to god lol
story were you indicating
yes lol lush put stop while there too of course
i'll get you the huge coconut water
lies
see i was going to go back to california, but philly weirdly worked out better for me haha where abouts in california???
ahhhhhh t____t
we'll be there!
for some reason i'm scared lol
you can use the veggie that is green and looks like a flower ? toys well you are on your own for that
thank you for letting me know it was on. see ya.
wind in my hair, i was there, i remember it all too well.
ur basic for tweeting me the same thing u just texted me
you're having a baby!
the old nick died long ago
for face timing me for a minute to say happy birthday during a set thats how you know its real
i use it primarily to communicate with co-workers.  never thought of it as a cs solution.  interesting idea.
i'm closing in.
says the judgemental one who views others as fools.
tomorrow is a huge day.. i'm not ready x.x;
wtf no i didn't
yup that guys the shit!
i'm currently prepping to kidnap her
creepy.
yes because seventeen comes after sixteen and you were born almost seventeen years ago
u too old to be shy trell
what's not nice lol
for anatomy sonervous
it's a similar case to what jessica rakcozy went through a few years back.
biryani
damn bro lmfao who you fuck over?
so you are going tomorrow?!
look man im paying rn for you to drive me. im not going to complain about uber to u if i meet u at my work place so stop
text me this weekend  and we can all hangout
haha, i'm jk nothin but love
feel free to share them my way. you would like what i'm working on right now :)
wyd up
all functions currently held within the imaging products &amp; solutions sector within sony, will be transferred to the new company.
bought an 8 packs of full sized doughnuts and a half gallon of milk for dinner at 10:52 at night cause yanno college
yikes i completely forgot i have an economics test today...
bro idk i just can't sleep
helping out mowing yeah with the our buddy!
you mean so much to me . im glad i have you
why is #justinbieber still a thing surely 7 year old girls should have moved onto the next talentless disney twat by now #sheffieldissuper
yeee let's do that, i already got 2 bottles of heem. just curious if the girls would be down for jger bombs!
i mean if you want just dm me
makes sense. what about gay couples tho
well if history repeats itself then yeah
hold me. i'm scared lol
i wish we didn't own a house so we can pack and leave to colorado. i love it out there
still! enjoy it, how old now? 22?
ah! i dunno if i'll be much help, but i can try to answer a quick question or two
doesn't matter though - now i got both of em :)
it's a given, but still uncalled for. hit that unfollow asap lol.
i'm serious!
nope how bad
we are on the same time zone right now though
lol i'll get food
wass good?!
do it.
both.
ctfu nigga why
i would date u if you wasn't such a bitch ass
anybody wanna borrow a 20 month baby girl old for the day? bc i'm not dealing w her.
there's a hold on my account so i can't enroll for classes... and i only have 2 days to do it smh
lol damn girl take some pills!
i hope everyone registered to vote on time
got added to a twitter list called "high-volume" and now i'm worried that i tweet too much
no but really though cause the one i was trynna talk to had a full ass one
honestly, i would have stayed there too haha i was mainly going for hardwell but that did happen
people are gonna think she's cute no matter what. and learning to make those decisions is a developmental milestone!
in a few months, i'll be signed w the same modeling agency as angelina jolie, auditioning for acting roles &amp; going to law school in cali
i really just want to see the northern lights
...
geology was dope today b/c we went downtown to look at the rocks of buildings &amp; even went to the tech museum to look at earthquake stuff
so stressed
my goal: to watch an episode of #thisisus without weeping uncontrollably. my hunch: it will not happen.
doesn't forget about me this morning
hell nah. we bout to make more money together
ain't no fun unless errrybody can get some!  i can't wait to be an investor! #theprofit
lol not even close
friday is extinct though !
it's a thinker of a situation but heat's roster is a ok one i'd say so ehhh idk
u kept saying the same shit over and over
sorry to ask something so grim but how would you translate    ?
interesting, if that is truly the case i swear nothing is safe anymore
lol i came third still got a medal
okay :)
someone take me to a pumpkin patch before i lose my shit
they are never right, you should know that!!
++ took unexpected twists and turns could not believe the ending would thesis again ++
pharrell's collab w/ adidas on these nmds are decent, but $340 fam? skrt skrt !
loooooool no g that actually full me
i need lady friends around here that'll do lame movie and wine nights.
i have to be ready to walk out the door in 5 minutes and i'm not even dressed. all because one one my eyelashes won't cooperate.
ie: hold down the shift key for words you want capitalized, instead of willy-nilly caps locking everything like a barbarian :)
it's great nothing less.
nah man i don't go there
i said what i said and in that order
wow she would be leaving
it's okay just light that candle before you sleep
avi  hey boo
damn that shit part of the family at this point lmao
or hilliary commits murder with her killing babies in 3 trimester she said it with her own mouth and yes i'm 72 on ss welfar
yesterday i ain't make it to none . i was stuck .
warning, they have gay scenes in it! lol
i won't be at school.
that's tomorrow i think?
umm do you know what your face looks like
im working reach
if i wasn't traveling out of town today, we should have done lunch or something while you were coming through. maybe next time!
i got a quesadilla. follow ur bliss
oh my god ... i wish my schedule could be cleared
yasss!!! i trained jd for it &amp; richard just taught me how to tie so all i need is a goat.. can i use cisco lol?
long drive to get told your std isn't a pregnancy
the fuck censoring cartoons and art in general should be fucking illegal fuck
i would like that
i'm trying
thank you! will do! if there's ever anything you'd like to see, just shoot me a tweet!
it's a bad day to be paul...
does he drive a bus at the start of that
who wants to do the umg 4v4 snd "no heatwave" today at 7pm est?
lol damn you ran through that show
im sorry nhi
what the hell  i thought you did ! ithats way too long !
today i am. it is chilly out. i like pants. i hope you love me, anyway.
good night karen
defeat?
it's amazing!
i'd love it actually! i hugged 3 men tonight. i mean this in a totes platonic way. normally i agree with you 100% but maybe not here
wyd thursday night
yea son
goodmorning twitter!
aint you at school ?
the last thing i said to her when i dropped her off at school was "be nice to him"
alright i got you.. i'll keep you in the loop!
that's scary
basically larping the cats musical right now while i take my cat 4 his last walk in this neighborhood. neighborhood strays monitoring us....
working other than that living life you kno how that goes
i need somebody to go to six flags with
"supposed" family contacting me now.
i'm in texas i haven't voted yet
from a paper i'm reading:"surprisingly, the scalability and performance of exim are significantly dependent on the file system."
i can't stand my grandmother .
update: we matched on tinder but haven't talked yet. he makes me really nervous and sweaty
well you wouldn't want to be too puffy at school.
oh yes, i am sure we could. split cost makes.it more fun.  you could get three to a room easy 4 in family room
dang i think imma come
hope his arm falls off
why are you awake
damn i have all the necessary physical traits for that...but nah!
the car was parked tho lol they doing most over a pic
nope lol. ill stop wearing them
their*
halo
true that but i'm ok with it as long as the spurs are playing like that
just listened to wanted man by cash 9 times in a row bc i forgot the song existed &amp; now i'm having mental breakdown # 1 of the semester yeet
you're welcome to offer it, at least - but i'll offer a caveat first.
gray sweats?
i'm sorry, babe. wish i could do something to help.
also shadowmeld doesn't work for getting out of combat :(
the last thing i need is call from school that he peed his pants because he couldn't get his jeans off
ross cheated on rachel idc fight me!!
happy birthday kid. read this in 8 hours
how old are you? 10?
u weak af if u let twitter ruin your relationship
its every year no uptick til december
won't @ em tho
jack in the box is that late night go to for me lol
your going?
. what b the move
i wished for a boyfriend .
gimme a chance, i know what i like lol
can having a period every month substitute for this?
i wish i could
she don't like a bum ass nigga
i can't tell anyone. it's so dumb i'll probably lose all my friends
i nap like 5x a day
literally one of his worst lines, but he says before that "girl why is you lyin" but words it as "lion". plz ignore that song lol
fuck the politics i'm trill clinton!!
someone come hang and finish these beers w me
line wasn't helping him much on sunday
nope bc evidently it was 1) a famous vine they repeated 2) there was no malicious intent 3) it was all freaking jokes
any specific song?
i know i know bb :( going to see bae this weekend. we're trying to come to an event soon
did you have fun?!
fureals i missed you
hmu after
honestly this month break of not playing shows and staying in making music has been so fucking awesome and productive v much needed
on medium.
this fucking guy go to a gas station and buy a charger
i mean it doesn't look great for journalists, but buttering up a source has a place in the craft
wow! very nice!!!
that's what mine is ily thank you good luck
smh that doesn't help me lol i'm from jersey, idk where anything is
i haven't nutted since last wednesday /thursday. i'm on lock down by bryant as far as that goes lmao. he said i gotta hold it
can't even fake, that's the show
don't be that customer lol
shoot your shot
no but like for realz i do too
no way dawg. comfort never goes out of style
does anyone have white spandex
wtf man rip big ken
when he was talking about his senior year i busted out laughing i couldn't help it i was so stunned
you might give them another look. it still has a headphone jack at least!
uh oh, which one?!
this women really really knows how to fucking piss me off .
it's definitely a nervous habit i've had since forever and i just can't ever stop myself like the minute i see them
i was waiting at the stop and two 196 buses pulled up, we tried to go to the empty one but he looked at us and closed the door
i still have tnonope. she has others
i will 1000% join you
talking "shit" about other people's animals isn't your business.
really tho it's only taken  a decade lol, but yeah i'm over here waiting for ffxv to drop. then it's rip lyfe
bruh!!!! straight collect, half of harlem might hate you for bringing chopped cheeses out west but fuck it!!! get rich!
noo im so sad
you could be even more selective.
just beer and wine last night. no signature cocktail
it seemed like the tv feature was the big deal and it didn't appeal to me
that didn't answer my question and i know you are
i mean, i guess it's cool that it has a bunch of approved libraries that don't come pre-installed but it tries to get them upon relevance.
no one wants you bitch
hope you can make it if not yes we needa plan at least a lunch date havent seen u in decades lol.
what does it look like
you're bomb as fuck tho like deadass i'm pretty sure some dude will come around ready to drop everything for you give it time
nah
great is awesome to hear my friend!!!! remain blessed!!!!
that's what you think!!
the teams are great this year, the city...not so much.
like what
tity ripped that tape.
hehe..!!! i'm still waiting for galaxy's dvd... and they have the dome conc now, we'll be broke..!!
yes! lol. it took me until i got to work, but it was worth it
shit, you old, don't have a quarter life crisis, k!
moment of truth.. did you like lone survivor ..
masturbation. that's what my mum told me...
spurs played great and kawhi is a monster!!! glad to see they came out ready to ball
yes lol that's where i've been trying to find tickets but so are thousands of others too lol
i wouldn't doubt it. i kinda quit binge watching at s4 because i couldn't find a stream for it
looking for a water resistant #case not made by lifeproof. any recommendations? #smartphone #gs7
stranger things on netflix had the lamest ending ever
everyone lies lmao
omg i hate you
show me and we'll pretend. hahaha
tally?
i'm surprised you didn't wanna stay in walnut hill
i can't read his tweets - as he protects them for his cronies &amp; pushers!!
whaaaaaaat you schleep
you been mad disobedient ma
what dont u like abt kanye?
yes!! that's all i listened too.
good looking. i was just messing around on that lol
i'm thinking 1:30
i lie. it was a post i set up. ugh. why can't we win???
so ready to take my hair out
heard bennie logan is still out. that's big
of course
bring me some
just finished the last episode of that 70s show! now what am i going to do with my life??
yes, i noticed sometimes before i can respond to a tweet it disappears
that too. there are better ways to handle the media than attacking them. i'd give him more credit if he owned his own messes
i love it for co-worker communication. always wondered what a support channel might look like.
you letting out all the cold air
shit just coolin.. waddup my guy?
you "only study by yourself"
which leads to an all-star weekend royal rumble, where one player from each team competes in a giant game of 21 for the nba championship
if you ain't got shit to do today gon head
good enough for me.
kd still getting that ring
is there a way to like make that happen or...?
why ask me to get you if someone else is....
season 3 episode 3
i would love to but my mom would kill me
yo i got 104k my team for u
wait these girls came up to my last week and said "do you know chloe from h2o?" and i was like yeah yeah
headed to work.
that was like 3 different replies in one
andrew miller still good
got a big family
yea lol and they got errbody jackets  wonder if lucy got one... hmmmm  lololol
thanks! and yup them too.
my spider senses tellin me not to cop this damn game
u don't remember lol in orlando #2016
westbrook, irving, curry, lillard, paul. that's my top 5 pgs an idc about yours
yes it is and yes i am!
or tomorrow
whatchu get?
i coach till 9:30 but i could drive up!
and dodging fuckboys and catfishes so many of them try to get in my dms in my social media
good. trying to wake up. how are you?
donnie darko was released 15 years ago today, and it's still one of the best cult classics.
like a boss!
i have counted... so many sheep chelsea.
so u telling me every nigga that swam in it successfully pulled out... you ma'am are a liar
oh yeah thanks boo ! qiyanah is my roommate
i answered! i think it was your fault!
thank you for wasting all that packaging and postage to send me an ipad box containing only an ad for your product....but why?
you don't even know if america would have put scott up. america doesn't really like the misfits if you haven't noticed. #bbott
hold up bro hold up. you  seen dawn of the dead the remake?
we gon go on an l ride with that on repeat
a man named tim had a bucket
i sat next to a really cute boy and hopefully he gets the hint i wanna marry him.i also hope he doesn't follow me on twitter
it's even more annoying knowing that joe carnahan wrote the script. potentially great script wasted on mediocre filmmaker.
you going to the game or just going downtown? we'll be at tilted kilt by 3. stop in
facts. ugh that's annoying af. i'm sorry
i think so
that shit would fucking suck
i would love for him to join the mcu or the dceu, but nightwing is romani and erasing a romani role wouldn't be okay
i don't need to learn you got me messed up lol
same! but it's my favorite movie ever and she's my fav princess
borris the only niggah who gets me hot
been in my mentions lol
admittedly  i dont  know a lot about her. but if she makes  russell happy thats enough  for me
yeah i guess i find teresa sexier for some reason
cant decide whether i want to go to sleep now and wake up at 4:30 or study till 5 and then go to sleep
im gonna be at your door step in 5
you berkeley people are crazy!!!!!
just literally lol'ed in conference hall. 100% accurate.
oak brook has them !
let's not get it twisted, jim has definitely used his platform in a major way at a worse time, but tonight i didn't approve
did he at least start on time? i'm going to his nov 2 show
i need new music to listen to.. suggestions anyone?
#2016
i don't want to make this a debate it's just my opinion
yeah there should be room. usually the desks behind where i sit.
you may be right.
nope, you judge others by the self serving words of your book.
i work 4-8
okay text me.
i'm about to put her up for adoption
my physics midterm is tmrw and my prof spent all lecture (review day) on a book problem, then tells us "but i wouldn't put this on the test"
do it! id be friends with someone that did that!
i do the same thing, let chubbs have his hands dirty lol you see dreamchasers didn't do anything
there was a frog out here he'll protect me
boy .....
i would lol if it were that simple.
lmao omg i remember that
personally i would have said the same thing. 81 more to go.
thank you so much for the advice. i truly appreciate it.
it's been a rough week lmfao.
holy fuck i hate cpanel.
hell not with that .223! i've shot em in the heart with a .243 and still had em run 50 yards lol. 30-06 drops em tho
not the same raves as y'all but lauren said we were pregamning together and ur coming to the edm brunch
gotta say, its disheartening. ive spent years doing voter reg, financially supporting opponents, &amp; writing, but arpaio keeps winning.
there is a long, long way to go. plus the bond market risks. then the other question is, is it even ethical?
what is your insta?
oh. hope you like that.
ok yes so true !!!!
that's a factor, keep in mind, local dr's office rejects none insured
i dig it
hungry asf
man i always forget what a fun take tucker and dale vs evil is on the hillbilly slasher film.
you can name your dumb kid alfred or edward but i can't name mine thelbert, rdwulf, or angeltheow? anglo-saxon double standards suck!
the dog kept eating all the cats food, so when i figured it out and fed her, she inhaled her food.  5 minutes later *ack*
lmao it's dismal i don't even like r&amp;b
let's go, cubbies!  hey!  they were always my second team of there is any such thing being as big of a braves fan as i am...
the end was lol. i'm just not a fan of gambino on this show
omg buy our home!
like i've def nearly died in uber twice this week lol
this morning i woke up to a text from the boy im all gitty about &amp; it was a picture of an ugly  baby "dear god look at this" hes the one.
i like chad and gabi as friends. i have no problem with it.
next weekend lol.
don't act like you have friends on twitter you're talking to...
like, at least 7
no this one came through email. i didn't get one on my other accounts so must be random selection?
why you gotta get so real with me, now i wont be able to sleep after all these beers
this country was founded on christian values, sweetie. read your history
i cussed everyone out i need jesus
some nigga just dove in my dms trying to pay my tuition
my daughter lol'd on the floor
i wonder if swift is important part of apple's car work. the stability concerns make a lot of sense for mission critical systems like cars.
i was so bored that it seemed like i was scared.
if somebody wants to play some of those ios 10 game things hmu
girl why. they're so cute i want them all :( #althoughanasianbrokemyheartbefore
aye bruhh uu gotta let your man kno who win between the spurs and warriors
lmfaoo okay do walmart or sum they pay like $9
cod first of all
the shit 85 questions bruh
i don't know, is there?
got 2k?
my demise came from refusing to change the channel after #jeopardy
good morning kate
will do
, you think hillary is wonderful. she isn't. but how could you know that? you don't live our lives or know her crimes.
it automatically came on after shark tank and now i'm emotionally drained!
growing out a pixie cut, so i am ready to rip my hair out. over it. hate it.
it gets me out of school. there's more days in the week but i see how u feel now
chance tbh
called
false witness is meaningless-get out of alternative universe
it was ridiculous  and i drove with my foot hanging out the window all fucked up
i work for an alarm monitoring company here in nj, it's only 2 miles from my house. we are open 24/7/365
bruh?
new one for me last night, kept waking up not breathing feeling like someone was suffocating me so that was cool
90 percent of the art i do has to be commission work to pay bills and such. i will gladly draw other things for money.
you have lots of friends?
but i can't miss out on some money
it's going to trial in december so enough proof has been brought forward to get that far.
she'd tell you to keep it in the barn
no one is
"man, this is really fucked up. i liked the old way better, when the free market allowed for premiums to increase *and* more people died."
miss jaelin det much .. hopefully i get to be w/ him this weekend since we're both off ...
most of the stigma is fans being overly mad that it aint turnbased. ff aint been turn based since like 03
nah, they knew this, i had to reiterate lol
someone reported the account i guess
okay thank goodness
no predictions until nfl is over
automatic everyday if anything. where you was lastnight
lmao i've met the biggest liars in life.. trust i know  that's why i never believe anyone.. but then again i don't really care to
someone told me that i should skip the first half of the book and just start after like chapter 11. what is your take on that lol?
i peeled the skin from my lip
i'm a ghost
you're overthinking this ces :p
do immigration work. it pays and you help people who really need it.
woke lelouch fv vcxcvfsdffsddvh
still makes me laugh
"you're."
im totally chair dancing at the moment
coffee
me get caught up? psssshh yeah right, lol i'm not gonna stay home
quit hating, just accept that the cardinals suck
no pos s ya vi que andas tomando si i can't lol
nah my lighting on my phone was all the way down lmao
nah, just a cool ass picture
so i came to a haunted house thinking that ucla students would be the actors...
that part
lol fr, ive watched it at least half a dozen times for no reason.
wow how awful!!
ok do you booboo
speak verbal or speak twitter?
just give me da date i'm downnnnn whenever
7 more hours
none of it is in the joints right?
horror movies with bae so it's been good! yours
don't know yet i text you
went to tc today, worst idea ive ever had.
thank you lacey!
and never texted me and shit
bruh personally i crank flock more but people i know ain't even listen to mafia ties and i love it
till
robin i was sexually assaulted when i was 14 have never spoken of it till this moment it's all come back the humiliation the shame
i'm currently writing a book about robot boobs called breastworld. i'd like you to review it.
hes still a dick and i dont wana @ him anyway but credit where credit is due and i genuinely enjoyed his set :)
let's go!!
lol down af
your wcw be on the tl deleting her tweets for no reason
but if you're in clarksdale, i can put you on with someone i deliver to
iot fridge...
we'll see
when are you leaving?
procrastination stresses me out. idk how she does it
u guys make me so happy
but aside from shishito, jalapeo, and maybe serrano, yeah, i haven't seen many green peppers in contemporary cuisine.
my family on that side is so big i never knew. now my finding out, through those i didn't know.
that literally is the saddest ellen i could ever imagine oh my gosh
i real life need a blunt lol
i can't wait til she tells me something about her dog so i can say "oh your cat" same thing
thank you!!
i want to get madden not really into the nba games
no he replied, he even sent another one
somewhere, charlie brooker smugly taps his fingers together, chuckling malevolently.
you're the worst lmao
is that their halloween party?  if you go i could maybe make an appearance . i miss you!
but the lebron stopper ate too
yo man said pog-central-back? smh
you got it! remember you'll need a personal chef.
oh man i have wished for that literally every time i've been stuck sitting on the train at that platform
nah imagine
happy birthday!
who did they want her to have it by?
niiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkk
shut up nerd call me already
not really, just close to 'em.
for a week before i send a pic
you too love
yea lion king pretty cool with simba and shit
for my followers who are considering leaving due to basketball coverage: soon i will also resume livetweeting my grocery store trips
there was pokemon the musical featuring cast members from wicked and the book of mormon!
they are on my work out playlist. twice actually
i have stuff here
am i gonna have to keep an eye on you?
maybe cause i was sleepy and dosed off but last night's #atlantafx was blaaah
juco and the d league! ya i've been saying they defense and bench are trouble. nobody listened...spurs looked fresh and excited
i'm not sure what you mean.
i got to work wayyyy too early. lol
i dropped my phone again today and my shit is so fucked up and if that doesn't describe how pissed i am i'm not sure wtf will.....
was here we would take a mf lap
after one of playing together? lol
what's mine
i love you bebe
you real, give them my @ name lmao
where you work out now
it's okay, cause like the wise aaliyah once said "if at first you don't succeed, dust yourself off and try again"
how weird, mine did too. but i'm not sure if it was a hair all or if she just ate too fast
y'all ever heard of the movie teeth?
that's just mean its ok tho i can get to the bar faster that way
please keep my dad in your prayers. 3rd time called down to the hospital this month, hoping this is the time the transplant finally happens.
nasty
after we trade for boogie straight to the finals
why you look like dr. doofenshmirtz tho ..
ayyee  i knew it
omg do u have colin's
damn my daughter is sitting here playing
this doesn't even make sense stop
i don't know! cleveland can't match the pitching depth that the cubs have and i'm hoping that's what tips the scales our way!
lol be careful there were a few times i definitely just stayed sleep
morning...
really ? lol
we can! lol just gotta get u some teeth i got blood and a choker for u too if u want
really? i might need to check that out
i rest my case.
she built like a bag of onions and she got a boosie. please stop arguing with her on the tl. it's too early.
ight sounds good just let me know when you're up tomorrow i can get some scrims and shit.
i am the size of louie
you bout to pay a arm for them shits
the one you see wearing the most. that's the one you should take care of best.
k i might go with you
kbone the deal
let's not go nuts, here. i was considering it for a while.
i think that and "behind the mask: the rise of leslie vernon" are the best alternate takes on horror flicks
soon to be (former) friend, i imagine
i honestly think you just had a seizure, you should seek medical attention with yo snap,crackle and pop built ass
dude if shirts are dope there i may get you to pick me up 2 i can paypal. lemme know
so sick of working nights, but trying to save as much as i can so i can get outta this shit town...
sigh...my dreams about sam are always weird. one time he was my math teacher.
i like what you write, no fluff that i've ever seen!
eat. partying. shop. chill. hang with friends.
yay!!!! i'm soooooo happy for you
i won't be getting out of work until like 8 at the earliest. you don't have to be on time to have a good time.
nah ima stay home
im in
good. woke up with a headache but hopefully that goes away soon. have a great day
you gone get this frustration or nah if nah...hush it up!!!
i'm coming bby
hell yea
i keep coughing randomly, im in the computer lab &amp; idk if i should even go???
cause someone keeps making my phone light up
we'll see how my funds looking friday lol how much are they?
omg who was it
almost as bad as not having arms hahah
i'm gonna take it as a loss then try again. 26 min isn't absurdly bad. plus i'm a chic.
1 yeezy boot ooooooneee
my mom went in a ditch
not a pre game anymore...more of a party
today, i am celebrating the critters who call butts their home.also, if you're pooping out living things, please see a doctor.
tengo uno polmico: ximena clark #iguols
6 am. trucks not gonna work on itself
gurrrrrl  imma need you to get with it
car door handle lol random thoughts.
i wish they would go back to showing blood/cursing, instead of being a kids show lmao
nope. my provider includes it by default, and it is not the easiest to clean out. all good now. i think. less you, more them.
nigga yes like 2 weeks ago i was listening to his music while i was getting stoned
wait for what bro
*tears* sooo much ramen in your future
lol sounds good
all bubble blowin babies shall be beaten senseless by every able bodied patron in the bar
scoop i'll shmoke a wood
welcome back!!! missed ya :)
it would be interesting to see if he could adapt to ryan's playstyle, but idk.
ya, this project is a mess
i'm the back seat of your bolder
who he say was at fault after saying police weren't ?
did you know that spamming your song on my mentions won't even get me to open your song?
i deleted my fb account over a year ago and havent looked back.
with hard work, i'll join you one day for a retreat to remember, no slacking for me ^^
it took me 6 weeks to get my job from application, and i was already on the books haha
and here i am with my what, 17?
you a pisces right???
i will be there with multiple $2 bills ready to go
makes me feel like i'm in a vidya game 10/10 would recommend
i'm already knowing trust me
with 3 more in your future
the strangers just csme on tv. i'm fucked. not sleeping..bye.
hm, don't be fucking rude!
if i transfer money from my bank to my paypal, will that show on my pp immediately but not my bank? says 3-5 business days help
lmao cant just close ya eyes and count sheep?
a fucking gorgeous time
"imma put a case on it soon" they said
agree though houston would probably be better than south side
eating #keto is so much fun when friends who know you're on a "diet" see you order a spinach salad w/ steak/eggs/bacon/avocado/extra cheese.
you know i don't like to do anything.....
what? lol
it's the dead pitches with no bounce that spin like a top. you never see india replicate this outside the subcontinent
get on it.. trust me you won't melt, your not that sweet!!
what ? lol
i fucking love pirates of the caribbean idk if i'm more in love with jack or will
last time you did it cost you the tournament. goodnight christopher.
idk, quilting is time consuming af lol but a cooking class or art class or something? i would die. it sounds so fun
what's ur gt
i am! next weekend!
next time i'm in mhk we're catching hella pokemon.
i miss natali more and more everyday
yeah that is terrible
stop
has dem-organized violence @ trump rallies, mass voter fraud, campaign law breaches.
i need klink
i hate yoooouuuu!! and yes!! i'm very heartbroken ian shame..
facts...i'm gonna stay quiet tho
meh. sao 1 was better. it's a lot more real world than virtual for kirito. not a huge fan.
ewwww what ratchet would roll their eyes?
*hug*
all that , still lost the finals .
our heat is fixed yasss! our apt was for real colder inside than it was outside  &amp; im not even the big baby, it's wade and sherb
not to mention, what a pathetically transparent "don't worry your head about why they don't believe" argument.
hahahah never thought of it like that
maybe you could be the host.
i'll be waiting
!!!!
lol noo who do u think i am your maid ?
stfu
they might be expensive but it's a couple i've seen
so did i.....jk
the shirts and the free food make it all worth it
good morning to you too! heated seats are the !
bro.... thats homosexual chill
you need to watch our first video!
still waiting for brett eldredge to accept my thirst date
text me then i'll hit you up
i like it. it's cool.
dude i know ! 26 days until my due date but after this week she could literally be here any day
ann was a travis county commissioner ...my county, before she was gov.
not only is my favourite writer from portland but the twitterverse keeps connecting me w/ writers from or. thanks 4 the follow
good morning #cowboysnation
smh only uapb
ernie lost a bit of my respect too, just when you think hey this white guy gets it.... nope
i had to stomach the fact that salads help tremendously. darker the green, the better. i cut up chicken and turkey with it.
too much sass lmao idk if i can handle it
are you home
im holding but no pick up .. too aggravating
haha i miss you too but yeah au wasnt the right fit
hey howie...how bout you send a mid rounder to chicago for jeffries...and send ertz to the niners for smith. solves 3 problems#eaglestalk
oops lol
i meant on ur phone
and trippy
hopefully the 7th or 8th seed in the east
you are too kind!
yeah i saw them site things that proved the narrative they wanted
says you're a pretty cool guy. just droppin' in to say hi.
u sure u been saying this smh lol
true facts yo
it's intimidation, bullying and str8 up hate speech. but of course it's not cuz well... you know!
puerto rican eggnog shit is f i r e
it won't come true now cause you said it.....
i wouldn't be so sure about that. louisville wouldn't stand a chance against osu, mich, neb, wisconsin.....
#hereiamwithher wondering how screwed up you have to be to vote for her just because she has a vagina.
wish there was something i could do
if i knew more i would continue quoting it
lmao i think the answer is people wanna do themselves
i just remember hearing like something making noises behind me and i couldn't move and was like shaking
tell me when u go home
its already lit!! next to my bible!
only if i get to sit by you lil shawty
oh cool!
chemistry &gt; talent, i wish your team the best
does it get any better or are they ratchet white people the entire time
say i don't make you smile, say i don't make you laugh?
tonight! and we managed to escape the darkness with 3 minutes to spare!
yes, shipping highest roi fastest is the goal. build options &amp; their cost must be considered to hit that goal.